0.9.3 - Fixed false KOS results when CVA checker has a partial name match
        or if a pilot's name matches an Alliance/Corp.

        Parser improvements for when people are saying a system is *not*
        or are just saying a gate is clear.

0.9.2 - Fixed parser bug where questions where not being marked as such.

        Fixed bug where all messages with links were always being added to
        the messages dock.

        Fixed an issue with recognizing stellar system changes that should
        make auto-follow now work for users who are using German
        localizations.

        Added missing code so that Update checking toggle and Check Now
        button will actually work.

        Converted theme customization dialog into a toolbox that immediately
        applies changes.

        Cleanup:  Changed all slot/signals to use new-style connect format,
        except for the dynamic connections in AsyncInfo.

0.9.1 - Fixed the bug I totally missed when implementing hyperlink support
        yesterday.  They should now work properly.

        Parser improvements:  IMP should now be able to recognize multiple
        sentences within an intel report and handle more complex reports
        such as "20+ red KBP. XHQ clr! JEIV pocket status?".

        Fixed a memory leak introduced in 0.9.0.

0.9.0 - Automatic update checking!  Versions beyond 0.9.0 should alert you
        when a new release has been uploaded/committed.

        Support for all systems!  There is a 'maps' file in the
        dictionaries directory that controls which maps are on the Maps
        menu.  You can customize it to add new ones, or pair it down
        to only the ones you want to see.

        Hyperlinks in the message view now work!  You can click DScans
        and other links from IMP now.  They will open in the default
        browser for your system.  In the future I will let you
        override that and/or open them in a tab within IMP itself.

        Added option on Poller tab to skip loading of old intel channel
        messages at restart.  Some people without SSD's have complained
        about the speed of the loading in the past, so this is a
        workaround until I can investigate more.

        Improved parsing so that IMP won't alert for system-a when people
        say things like "red went from system-a to system-b", or
        "red left system-a", or "red system-b was system-a".

0.8.9 - Fixes the bug where the first two menu dropdowns were no longer
        working for Windows users.

        Sound fixes and optimization.

0.8.8 - Fixes crashes when changing regions due to access of invalidated
        logInfo pointers.

0.8.7 - Fixed avatars not showing for some users on Windows due to missing
        DLLs.

        Modified pocket expansion to only occur for status messages, since
        people are too often sending free-form messages to intel with the
        word "pocket" in them.  This will stop the entire pocket from going
        red and us all getting an earful of red alert.

        Changed the parser to not ignore two letter words as potentially
        being part of a pilots name.  At least one red created an alt with
        a two char first and two char last name to fly under the
        radar.

0.8.6 - Fixed message view colors when resetting style to "-None-".

        Fixed initialization of jump bridges when bridgemap has changed
        during run.

        Now saves jumpbridge visibility state.

        Fixed another KOS checker bug, tripped when specific error returns
        from CVA.

        Added si to common words to stop notifications for that system based
        on some pilot names.

0.8.5 - Modified message list to be a dockable widget.  You can now move it
        to any side of the window, or detach it to be it's own floating
        window.

        Added a couple of additional test styles:  Blood Raider, Ore, and
        Entellag.

0.8.4 - Added skin/styles support.  This adds a new UI tab to the settings
        dialog where you can select the style.  You can add your own styles
        by placing them in the /styles subdirectory.  Take a look at
        https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/stylesheet-examples.html for more info on
        the format.  There will be more cleanup/expansion to the styles and
        UI in subsequent releases.  Until this is further along, the app
        still defaults to unskinned.

        Added the ability to drag window by grabbing the non-map/list areas.
        Note: If you drag the window in this manner on a high-DPI screen
        with a desktop manager that's doing scaling, the window may shrink
        slightly on each move due to a bug inside the Qt QWidget::move()
        function that I have not yet investigated.  It works fine on
        non-4k/scaled screens.

        Fixes "show avatars" option not being saved.

        Fixes calculation of word wrap to better fit text in message list if
        you have avatars disabled.

        Fix some minor memory leaks.

0.8.3 - Fixed two more missing KOS texts.

        "Overlay Mode" added.  This disables drawing of (only) the map and
        window background, turns on frameless window mode, hides the menu,
        and enables the Always on Top flag.  This allows you to put IMP on
        top of the game window and obscure much less of the game (particularly
        if you drag the message list to the closed position).  Use 'O' to
        toggle overlay mode on/off.

        Added transparency support:  Click the map (to make sure the app
        has focus) and then use Ctrl+Alt+Mousewheel to adjust transparency
        of the entire application.  This is different than overlay mode in
        that overlay mode makes only the map/window backgrounds
        fully transparent, whereas transparency support adjusts *all* visual
        elements.

        "Frameless Window" option added.  Use 'W' to toggle the window
        title bar on/off.  This can also be used from Overlay mode to
        re-enable the title-bar for easy re-positioning and then to
        re-disable it.

        Added an Always on Top hotkey: 'T'.  Note:  When using the Unity
        desktop on Ubuntu, Compiz doesn't seem to honor toggling the flag
        off correctly.  You will have to disable it by right-clicking the
        title-bar if you're using that desktop.  KDE, and the Windows desktops
        toggle the always-on-top state as expected.

        Added Menu hide/unhide hotkey: 'M'  You can use this in desktops
        like KDE and Windows to toggle the menubar on/off while in overlay
        mode.

        Added "--debuglogging" flag.  Log writing is now disabled by default
        unless this flag is set.

        Fixed a bug where some Linux desktops would not load themes due to
        auto-shortcuts.

0.8.2 - Now support's "Pocket Status" queries.  I.E. "b-w pocket status?"

        Fixed missing text from KOS checks since 0.8.0.

0.8.1 - Fixed ESS message crash bug.

0.8.0 - Messages in list can now be doubleclicked to find the related system.

        Message text is now colorized to highlight the mentioned systems, ships,
        and other keywords.  A future release will make all of these colors
        configurable options.

        Message view resizing has been improved to size much better.  It will
        now show the entire message when set smaller.

0.7.8 - Now remembers which pilots you had enabled between runs.

        Changes to option saving:  Most options are now saved when the options
        dialog is accepted, to lessen chance of corruption on abnormal system
        shutdown.

        Fixes a bug where if IMP was started before Eve, newly logged-in pilots
        that had not been played for 24+ hours would not be seen until someone
        said something in local.

        The list of available audio files is now rebuilt each time you open the
        options dialog, so you do not need to restart IMP to see newly added
        files.

        Windows users will now see a "Window" menu, which has the "Always on
        Top" option that's missing from their desktop compositor.

0.7.7 - Catches network/server failures on KOS lookups and plays a new "incomplete"
        lookup sound.  The new sound is configurable on KOS tab in options, and
        defaults to the sound of a bottle-cap being dropped.

        Red-by-last checking now properly distinguishes between new, unlisted,
        pilots who are in red corps and people that are red by their previous
        player corp membership.

        Minor variable refactoring.

0.7.6 - Stop "x4" from setting off alarms in X-4.  x[2-9] are no longer considered
        potential system abbreviations.

        Message view can now be sized smaller.

        Renamed Regions menu to Map and added a "Reset Rotation" option, just in
        case someone manages to desync system/map rotation before I make that
        system smarter.

        Fixed a couple of potential crashes when clicking map/subsetting messages.

        Fixed it so that IMP will not add the intel channels multiple times if
        you have joined them with multiple pilots.

        Shout outs to Fenix Inferni and Subelectro Shanzaar for the donations!

0.7.5 - Added option to disable portraits.

        Added option to use Ctrl-Cx2 for KOS checks.

0.7.4 - Another fix for RBL checks when CVA comes back with no info for corp.

0.7.3 - Fixes various issues with kos checking.

0.7.0 - Added red-by-last KOS checking.

        Changed default font sizes to be not customized for my weird 150% in a VM on a
        4k screen size.

0.6.3 - Add the ability to kos-check people by right-click/Copy of links pasted into
        chat.

        Resets default sounds if previous run abended in a way that cause blank values
        to be written to the config.

0.6.2 - Added user-agent to network requests.

        Fixed bug that affected loading of line color on some themes.

        Parser cleanup.

        Misc obsolete code cleanup.

0.6.1 - Add MP4 support for info dialog.

0.6.0 - Unified theme customization dialog.

        Added ability to use real SVG's for background, instead of converting them to
        pixmaps at load time.

        Additonal theme customization parameters.

0.5.3 - Updated info dialog and added some additional sounds.

0.5.2 - Clear messages were unintentionally being accepted from any channel.

0.5.1 - Added SVG support for backgrounds.

        Fixed centering bug that would occur when a very large background was replaced
        with a smaller image.

        Centralized functionality to get paths to app files so it could be abstracted to
        behave differently under different OSes and conditions.  This allows for a real
        Linux installer to put it in the standard directories instead of just running
        from the user's home directory.

0.5.0 - Added ability to click systems and see the related messages.

        Added Find|Messages option that lets you subset to messages that contain a certain
        string.

        Added the ability to set a background image, which is saved with themes.

        Now doesn't occasionally reposition the map to center on your system when you
        didn't really change systems.

        Change z ordering for jumpbridges to draw on top of lines, which makes them easier
        to follow if you're using a theme with thick system connection lines.


0.4.0 - Converted from using massaged dotlan maps with injected XML to deconstructing them
        on load and building my own object instances.  This improves performance and lays
        groundwork for total system theming.

        Locked system icons so that they will not be affected by rotation of map.

        Made system name and time font/size configurable and is now included in themes.

        Fixed a crash that would sometimes occur when switching map to other regions.

        Fixed some missing logic that would cause changes to the options for map-refresh,
        auto-follow period, and poller-refresh to not actually take effect until restart.

        Added some primitive size-hinting so that longer messages get more vertical
        space in their listview.

0.3.0 - Added pilots menu and the ability to disable processing for individual pilots to
        accomodate multi-boxers.

        Additional theming updates.

0.2.2 - Fix for multiboxes only seeing last logged on char.

0.2.1 - Minor fixes.  First release shared with corp.

0.2.0 - Added jumpbridges, basic theming, and more options.

0.1.0 - First QSvgRenderer version, first Windows build.

0.0.2 - Added rules, a bunch of configuration, and wasted tons of time trying to get the
0.0.9   map working reliably with QWebEngine.  Even more wasted time trying to compile
        QWebKit on Windows when it became clear QWebEngine was not functional enough
        to meet the requirements at this time.

0.0.1 - Original QWebKit version on Linux with working map, parser, configurable sounds.


Coming soon:

- fix display of messages with backslashes.
- additional sound/volume options for alerts, dependant on jump distance.
- better pilot cache/cleanup.
- if at war, and going hisec, play a "bad idea" sound.
